All right guys so here we are in Photoshop.
Now for those of you that have never used Photoshop before and have no idea what you're looking at don't
worry I'm going to take you on a little crash course on the few tools that we'll be using at the beginning
of this course for the rest of you that have used Photoshop before and are very comfortable with it
.
You can go ahead and skip ahead but if not let's proceed.
So when you first get into Photoshop it can be pretty daunting.
I know the first time I got into Photoshop I was pretty overwhelmed but it's really not that hard of
a program to learn.
So our first tool that we're going to review is the grab and move toy which is up here in the left upper
hand side I'm Sorry the upper left hand side.
So if we grab that or click on it you can see we can grab our layer or object and we can move it around
.
It's not letting us move it around because our layer is locked.
And by that all that means is that if you come down here to her layers which is in our bottom right
hand side you'll see that we have a layer right here which is labeled background and on that layer we
have a lock icon on it.
That means the layer is locked.
So if we just click on that unlock it and I'll go over layers in the next in the next part of the course
so don't worry about that.
So if we come back to our workspace we can click on our layer and now we can move it around.
Let's edit undo that.
Now our next tool is the marquee tool which is the tool right underneath the move tool.
So if we click on it you can see we can select an area by clicking on the page and dragging our stylus
and it will select the area.
So now that this area is selected we can grab our grab move tool and cut it out and move it around the
page.
This is very useful for a lot of different things.
So let's undo that and I'll show you.
There are different marquee tools and the ones we will be using are the elliptical marquee tool which
is the one we just did and the second one is the rectangular marquee tool.
So if we select that one you'll see it does the same exact thing except it selects the area in the shape
of a rectangle.
Now if you want to create a perfect square you would hold down and drag and then click shift or press
shift and that will create a perfect square and different.
And you can drag to create different sizes.
The next tool that we'll be using is the Lasso tool which is the one right underneath the marquee tool
.
So with this tool you can do a lot of things with.
Also it works very much like the marquee tool except you can create your own organic shapes so with
the Lasso tool we can draw our shape.
So let's create a nice squiggly line and connect them closer shape.
And now we've created a shape that we can now grab and move.
So let's undo that.
So now if we use the other Lasso tool which is the Polygonum Lasso tool we can create shapes also but
they will be Pawley gone.
So we just click around the page we can create a shape that is now nice and rigid and is a polygon and
we can grab the shape and move it around the page.
So let's undo that.
So go ahead and experiment with these tools that I showed you.
And once you've done that you can go ahead and move on to the next part of the course.